we'll do a bit quicker this time and one
two and three feel like 200 years old
one two three yeah tidy up offers what I
stopped wearing today's than everything
that I hoped it would be one two three
what impact is going to be a very hard
worker to and through Patsy's just
learnt nearly three-quarters of the
routine in just over four hours she's
picking up everything so quickly it's
just a dream to work with now instead of
forward side together I'm gonna get you
to go Ford side and open I'm very
critical of myself anything I do I have
to do it a hundred and ten percent push
push push myself too I think it's great
that patty is so critical about herself
because it's showing her drive and
determination she wants to be the best
that she can be and across to something
really beautiful that just in very good
problems giving me a lot of confidence
and he's really being really supportive
and hopefully by you know the time we
come to do this dance with you know the
judges and the audience you know I'll
have come that much further you know
within myself